We claim attacks on these foreign ships.
There will be no sleep tonight
until the West and their
occupation is driven from our land.
Leave my country!
We will find you.
We will attack you wherever you are.
Remember. this attack was not the end.
This is only the beginning.
How's the coffee here?
I've had better.
Not what you expected. huh?
Well. to be honest.
when the embassy said
a woman came in hoping to trade
secrets on the drone attack.
I was expecting a little more. um...
Desperate and disheveled victim?
Yeah.
I mean. a Chanel blazer
doesn't exactly scream help me.
I don't need your pity.
I need a deal. and I want asylum.
A businesswoman. OK.
What are you offering?
The man responsible for the
attack on one of your ships.
Abdul Akkad.
the Syrian terrorist leader.
Well. if you can give us Akkad's
location. we'll give you asylum.
I don't have that.
So what do you have?
A way in.
I'm a wealth manager based in Istanbul.
Work for the Levni Company.
a family run oil refinery
on the Turkish border.
Their money. it was green
for a good long while.
but now it's stained with blood.
They're in business with Abdul Akkad.
OK.
How do you know they're in business?
I saw a suspicious transfer.
a multi-million dollar
transaction to a Shell company.
I dug in. linked it to Akkad.
The Levnis are funding his attacks.
And how exactly are we
supposed to get the Levnis to talk?
Selma Levni lives in New York.
She is getting married
here this weekend.
I could get you in there as my plus one.
The rest is up to you.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Kimberly Graham.
Oh. we can remove those cuffs. can't we?
How are you?
Patrick is back from London.
De-radicalization camp.
- Anthony filed for divorce.
- Thank you.
And you cannot get
a decent manicure in here.
So they lied on the website. huh?
I'm guessing this
isn't a wellness visit.
How perceptive.
I can't stop thinking about
how those Keown mercenaries
knew Colin and me were at the lake house
with your husband and stepson.
Yeah. strange.
A remote location no one
should have known about.
yet they knew exactly where we were.
It was like they had inside information.
Huh. It is kind of like that.
- What do you want?
- Freedom.
How about library work
instead of porter duty?
I don't mind a little bleach.
Well. I can always call
the U.S. attorney
and have them move you to
a minimum-security facility.
You can do better.
Now you're just wasting my time.
Wait.
You have a deal.
There's a company that gathers
information from spies.
They have moles in MI6. FSB. the CIA.
They told Keown your location that day.
This company have a name?
I don't have all day.
Pyramid Security.
Yeah. hold on.
So you're telling me
that Colin is the mole?
Well. someone in
the CIA is feeding intel
to Pyramid Security.
and I'll remind you.
that's where Colin's
girlfriend Sarah works.
Right. But could it be a coincidence?
Yeah. could be. but why
would he keep her a secret?
I mean. you seem pretty sold on this.
Look. I don't want to be. That's
just where the evidence is pointing.
All right. well. you've got a theory.
and now you have to make it a case.
So follow the evidence.
see where it goes.
Right. I'll be in touch.
OK.
Hey. What do you think of these?
Wife got 'em for me.
Is it too much or...
Hmm.
Barking up the wrong tree there. Larry.
Bill's idea of flashy is a blue shirt.
Solid. not striped.
I don't want you passing out on me now.
Can we focus?
A massive piece of intel
on a major terrorist
just fell into our lap.
Yeah. so. um. today I was approached by
the wealth manager of the Levni Company.
She's claiming that the family
are buying oil from Abdul Akkad.
So I guess the question
we want to ask is.
is that even possible?
Do I seem shocked?
Look. terrorists control
the oil fields in Syria.
And U.S. sanctions
put a cork in it. but...
But Al Sulam claimed
the attack on a merchant vessel
- in the Mediterranean yesterday.
- Yeah. 41 Americans killed.
They used long-range.
military-grade drones.
So clearly they've figured some
way around these sanctions.
Those drones ain't cheap.
All right. so the Levni Company
gets cheap crude oil to refine.
and Al Sulam gets money to
finance their war against the West.
Abdul's been on our radar for years.
We just haven't been able
to pin down his location.
Well. the good news is. the Levni family
are all in town this weekend
for a family wedding.
and I can get us in there.
The rehearsal dinner's today.
We need an asset
inside the Levni family.
someone with access.
someone closer to Abdul.
Well. if you guys can figure out
where Abdul's been operating out of.
then we can take care of the rest.
- On it.
- OK.
OK. Thanks. Larry.
Bill. you'll be there too.
Try to blend in with security detail.
What. so Bill's going
undercover as Bill?
You'd be surprised what
I can glean from the sidelines.
Let me get my glad rags on.
Who died?
I'm on my way to a rehearsal dinner.
- thank you very much.
- Need a date?
Not this time.
but I'll bear you in mind.
So where are we at
with our little project?
I checked the firewall
structure you sent over.
It's doable. this breach.
I'll be able to program a device.
All you have to do is plug it in.
It'll download all the files in seconds.
No one will ever know
you were on their server.
Excellent. What's the time frame?
- Give me a week.
- A week?
How about a couple of days?
Oh. come on. Kinski. you're the best.
There's no team.
I'm a one-woman shop.
and I have other clients.
I have money.
You work through the night.
I'll make it worth your while.
- I'll have it ready by Monday.
- Good.
Well. if this works out.
I'll give you a 5-star review.
I prefer word of mouth.
Who are these people. anyway?
For your safety.
the less you know. the better.
What's your dream wedding?
Oh. to elope.
Excuse me.
Thanks.
Come on. all the money in the world.
and you'd run to the courthouse?
Well. a destination courthouse.
- South of France.
- I knew it.
You are a romantic.
So come on then. fill me in.
Mm.
That is Nasir.
acting CEO of Levni Co.
My guess. he's running the oil trade.
Ever since he took over from his father.
profits have gone up 200%.
Well. he seems quite calm for
a man in bed with terrorists.
He's impossible to read.
Controlled.
So. boring then.
If you fancy better company.
try the bride-to-be.
Selma Levni and her fiancé. Ali.
He's an environmental lawyer.
she is a clean energy activist.
and together. they run
Levni Co's Green Energy branch.
Well. there's an oxymoron.
if ever I heard one.
What about the youngest?
Kerem.
To my far left at the end of the bar.
he's head of special
projects at Levni Co.
- Ah. the black sheep.
- The free spirit.
He's not dumb.
But he'd get a lot more traction
if he could control the drinking
and the drugs and a dozen other things.
Fun.
Well. seems like we've got
the best shot of turning Kerem.
Kerem. Hello.
Ah. Zara. hello.
- You look fantastic.
- Oh.
I want you to meet Phil.
- Hey. man. How are you?
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- Phil.
I run a mid-tech VC fund
at Pollard-Heyer.
and. uh. well. Zara was just telling me
here about your latest placement.
It's impressive. man.
How'd you find 'em?
Well. Zara. you're
embarrassing me. first of all.
Everything OK?
I figured... if you're going to be up
on your feet all night.
you deserve some fuel.
Even security guards need to eat.
Oh. that's very thoughtful. Thank you.
I have a rule. No eating while on duty.
Oh.
I thought we were going
to have a small wedding.
and then Ali decided to fly
in a chef from Turkey. so...
My fiancée is the same.
Said she wanted modest.
now we're talking floral arches...
plural.
- Here you go.
- Oh. thanks.
- Hi. I'm Ali.
- Bill.
Enjoying the food?
- I flew in the most...
- Oh. he heard. He heard.
- And?
- Oh. I haven't tried it yet.
I will be taking a doggy bag
on the way home. though.
It smells delicious.
Hello. Thank you for coming.
I'm Nasir. Selma's brother.
I wish our father could be here
to welcome you all.
but we all pray for his swift recovery.
Selma has always been
the heart of our family.
And when she met Ali. I was...
Protective.
This last month. it hasn't been easy.
But you've been there for me
through all of it.
Thank you.
A cheers to the happy couple.
Cheers.
Nasir!
Nasir! Help! Help!
- Somebody call 911!
- Get him up.
Nasir. can you hear me?
Stop!
I didn't know! I didn't know!
Yeah. we'll be the judge of that.
So you believe his story?
What. that someone hired him. a caterer.
to deliver a glass of champagne
to the most important man
in the room with no explanation?
No. I don't.
Yeah. he knew what he
was doing and that was a hit.
But I'd buy he doesn't know
who hired him.
Hey. guys. come here for a second.
Nasir is dead.
The tox report came back
with high concentrations
of cyanide in his blood.
The killer took no chances.
So the caterer seems
to be an assassin for hire.
Question now is.
who wanted Nasir off the board?
If Nasir was working with Abdul Akkad.
maybe their deal went south.
This could be payback.
Or it could be a power play.
I mean. with Nasir out of the way.
the CEO spot opens up.
Whoever it is. the best course of action
is still getting an asset
inside the family.
We need more intel on how
Al Sulam is circumventing
those oil sanctions.
- Colin. you work Kerem.
- On it.
Bill. you take on the newlyweds.
They're in mourning.
I'll go pay my respects.
Bill. your first recruitment job.
Should we take a photo?
Remember the moment?
Kerem.
Oh. easy. fellas.
He's cool. Let him through.
Can't blame them
for being jumpy. I suppose.
Right. Uh. you want coffee?
Please.
Thank you.
I'm. uh...
I'm so sorry about your brother.
Crazy thing to happen.
Yes. not the best speech.
I thought you'd be drinking something
a little more stronger. to be honest.
What do you normally do
to blow off steam?
You drive stick shift?
Whoa.
- I needed that.
- Yeah. me too. it turns out.
I'm sorry about that last corner.
- I don't know what came over me.
- Uh-huh.
Here's to grieving. eh?
Yeah.
Oh. this is gonna destroy my sister.
Let me tell you something
about my brother.
I hated him growing up.
Everything was a competition.
and our father played into it too.
Look... look what...
look what Nasir has.
Look what Nasir did.
Well. don't try too hard.
Adulthood is overrated.
- You got siblings?
- Yeah. older sister.
She. uh. graduated
top of her class at Oxford.
Now she's a world-renowned
doctor with four kids.
Training for another marathon.
You know. I got into
investing to make a mark.
to find my own way.
and they just think
it's some selfish thing.
Kerem. do you. um... do you mind
if we have a little bit of privacy.
Listen. I wouldn't
normally work this fast.
but time's against us.
and. well. to be honest.
you're exactly what
I've been looking for.
You know. a bold thinker. a risk-taker.
I think you've got a lot
of good ideas. Kerem.
but I'm not an investor.
So what are you talking about?
I'm a CIA operative.
and I want you to work with me.
Ali. can you help me out here?
We have to bring the body home now.
Do you understand that
my brother was just murdered?
I respect how difficult this is.
This is the opposite of respect.
Excuse me.
Special Agent Goodman. FBI.
What seems to be the problem?
You're the guy from the rehearsal.
- You took down Nasir's killer.
- Yes. I did.
They won't let us take Nasir home.
An Islamic burial has
to happen within 24 hours.
Detective. a word?
The killer's in custody.
The medical examiner
completed the autopsy.
Let the family make their arrangements.
Mr. Levni's death is still
an active murder investigation.
Oh. come on.
What. you can't reach out
to your people?
Agent Goodman. my hands
are tied on the matter.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah. thanks for nothing.
I'm sorry about that.
And I'm especially sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
Uh. any leads as to
who hired the killer?
Not yet.
And I'm sure this has been exhausting.
but is there any more
information you can share?
Selma. it's OK.
You can tell him.
When Nasir took over.
he inherited Levni Co's money problems.
the kind that could have ruined us.
He was desperate to keep us afloat.
so he made some deals
with some shady people.
Do you know these shady people?
He wouldn't say.
Didn't want to drag me into it.
I mean. he didn't even admit
to it until a week ago.
He just told me that
he wanted out of the deal
and that he was scared of retaliation.
She encouraged him to follow through.
to cut things off.
You did the right thing. baby.
Sure doesn't feel like it.
Well. you did what you thought was best.
And believe me. we will
find out who's behind this.
You know. moving forward. I think
if we work together. form a partnership.
we could keep you and your company safe.
I'm sorry. I can't do this right now.
I completely understand.
Take all the time you need.
If you need anything. don't hesitate.
All right.
So my brother was buying oil
from Syrian terrorists?
And that's who we think killed him.
And who knows who else
they're gonna go after.
Kerem. with your help. we can stop them.
We can find their leader.
and we can keep the rest
of your family safe.
We can keep Selma safe.
Look. I get it. This is a big decision.
So why don't you. um...
why don't you have a think about it?
And if you're on board.
you call me on this number...
and you order a burger.
A what? A burger?
Fully dressed. no tomato.
with a side of fries.
What if I'm not. um. hungry?
Kerem. I see how people
underestimate you in your life.
but I know that you would be
a great addition to my team.
Speak soon.
Kerem seems game on the asset front.
I think I can get him there.
Well. Selma and Ali are
gonna take a little more time.
but both claim Nasir
was dirty and wanted out.
So it's plausible Al Sulam killed him.
You don't kill your inside man
unless you had a backup plan.
There must be someone else.
Hey. so I've been looking at the family
financials that Zara sent over.
We know that Nasir's killer
was paid $47.000.
which is 2.1 million Turkish lira.
But guess who just
converted that exact amount
- to crypto two weeks ago?
- Kerem.
Damn. I told him I was CIA.
He's probably on the run as we speak.
We gotta move now. You got his location?
Hello?
Yes. I can place that for you.
Please hold.
Kerem's on the line. ordering a burger.
fully dressed. no tomato. side of fries.
Meaning?
Meaning he wants to be an asset
or pretend to be one.
OK. so Kerem is working for Al Sulam.
paid to have his brother killed.
and now he wants to be a CIA asset.
Why?
Well. maybe he wants something from us.
Or maybe he's buying time.
trying to throw us off.
- Or maybe it's a trap.
- Also a possibility.
OK. so I...
I distract Kerem with Spycraft 101
while you clone his phone.
and then we just hope
- that he's not setting us up.
- Yeah.
If Kerem is working with Al Sulam.
then hopefully we'll find
proof on his phone.
Best case. it leads us
straight to Abdul Akkad.
And worst case?
- You react accordingly.
- Like...
No. you just keep your cool.
Don't give him time to think.
You'll be just fine.
- OK?
- Yeah.
OK.
Is that bad?
Is the beeping good or...
It's completely normal.
You know. my guys did this yesterday.
so if there's any listening devices.
they would have found them.
Your security team.
they work for the company?
Yeah. which is why
you're doing this now.
because they might
have been compromised?
You're a fast learner. mate.
So when we've finished this bug sweep.
my colleague here
will teach you everything
you need to know about
being a CIA asset.
Should I be writing this down?
You should stop drinking.
And when did you join the agency?
And for your first lesson.
we don't write anything down...
- ever.
- And one more thing.
- I need your phone.
- What? Why?
Oh. the shopping apps.
they're listening too.
So the Faraday enclosure
blocks all signals.
But I...
Trust me. mate. you won't be bored.
- OK.
- Yeah.
All right. so let's go over
routines and patterns.
I'd love to know what you eat regularly.
places you go. people you see.
all these details are very important.
Uh. I go to the office most days.
Great.
And. um. I've been flying
back and forth to Istanbul
to see my father. but. uh... the gym.
I'm at the gym. like. Monday. Tuesday.
Tuesday is leg day.
It's really important that you keep up
these routines so you don't
raise any suspicion.
OK. No. no. I mean.
that's just to start.
But then I'll rest Wednesday.
and then mostly
I'll spend time with the...
OK. And weekends?
What about hobbies?
- Sarah?
- Oh. thank God.
Pyramid is rolling out this new OS.
and it's wiped half my phone.
I've been trying to call Paul.
but he's not picking up.
OK. OK. OK.
- What's going on?
- Well. it's Max.
His karate class ended and.
um... and Paul was supposed
to pick him up. but he never showed.
And now he's alone in a lobby.
and I'm 45 minutes away.
Well. what's the address?
It's um... it's 724 West 57th.
Well. I can be there in 15 minutes.
I'll wait with him.
OK. thank you. Thank you.
I'm... I'm on my way.
- I'll be there as fast as I can.
- No problem. honestly.
- Thank you.
- OK. bye.
- What's up?
- Kinski. change of plan.
They've started upgrading the firewall.
I need that device tonight.
Zeeb. you finish sorting
through Kerem's phone?
Anything damning?
I think so. Come take a look at this.
There are several emails
and texts pertaining
to crypto transfers from a Ramzi Fayez.
who's an art dealer.
Syrian national based here in New York.
So Kerem paid for
the hit on his brother.
- These are our receipts?
- Well. yes and no.
I mean. technically. it is a receipt.
but it's for a Mesopotamian orthostat.
It's a 3.000-year-old slab of marble
from the Palace of Nimrud.
You know. 47K seems cheap
considering the cultural significance.
Well. that's because he's not buying it.
Zeeb. It's a front.
Kerem pays for rare antiques in crypto.
and then Ramzi uses that
to hire out a hit on Nasir.
Well. do you want me to send
the address to Colin?
No. he's busy.
He said he's meeting with a source.
But you know what? Send it to Bill.
Tell him to ruffle some feathers. huh?
OK.
This should be good.
Come on. pick up.
Pick up.
- Hello?
- Hello. Good afternoon.
- I'm calling for Ramzi.
- Yeah. this is he.
Fantastic. Ramzi. I'm looking to acquire
an Assyrian antiquity for my collection.
Well. you called the wrong place.
- This is a modern gallery.
- Well. I heard otherwise.
I was told you are
the best at rare finds.
Highly adept.
Well. you've been misinformed.
I'm sorry. Who is this?
I'm a dear friend of
our mutual acquaintance.
Kerem Levni.
Well. as I said. I don't
know anybody by that name.
Well. this is a waste of my time.
I need to call Kerem.
OK. Do it. Good luck.
Where the hell have you been?
Something came up.
Yeah. well.
I've been tailing an art dealer
- slash money launderer.
- What are you talking about?
Yeah. keep up. Glass.
Kerem paid this guy Ramzi
to hire out the hit on Nasir.
Now Ramzi thinks Kerem
blabbed the whole scheme.
- You shook the tree.
- Vigorously.
Now I'm hoping Ramzi goes to
confront Kerem at his hotel.
Oh. and by the way. Zeeb.
he hacked the hotel's smart TV.
A confession on tape. I love it.
What's your ETA?
Well. if he's headed
to the hotel right now.
you got 20 minutes to beat him there.
Well. I've gotta get Gina out of there.
- It's gonna be tight.
- Yeah. whose fault is that?
Yeah. I said tight. not impossible.
Send me a photo of this Ramzi guy.
Anytime you leave the hotel room.
lock the bottom lock only...
- You expecting someone?
- No.
Hey.
We've got company coming.
Sorry. Kerem. duty calls.
Training's over for the day. I'm afraid.
Uh. last lesson of the day...
don't leave this anywhere. OK?
No. I wouldn't.
I didn't like giving it to you.
All right. Great job today.
- Yeah.
- We'll be in touch.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Great.
All right. what's going on?
Bill just sent me this.
It's the guy who sorted out
the assassin.
He's on his way here now
to meet with Kerem.
That's him.
Mashallah.
I need to call Zeeb.
Get him to hack the TV in Room 3610.
Kerem didn't kill Nasir. Ali did.
A man called my shop today.
He wanted to buy some antiquities.
He used your brother-in-law's name.
Kerem.
I don't know anything about that.
Any loose lips?
A whispered mention to your bride?
Not a word to anyone. I swear.
Our people took a significant risk...
clearing a path for you.
It's only a matter of time
until your father-in-law
sees you as the man
to succeed him as CEO.
the company. all of it...
As long as you remain vigilant.
We'll arrange a jet
back to Istanbul today.
Take your fiancée.
Tell her the family office
arranged a private plane
for safety reasons.
She won't leave without Nasir's body.
We'll make sure it's on the plane.
Back in Turkey. take some time. lay low.
Have an intimate ceremony.
Isn't that what Selma always wanted?
Well. we were half right.
Al Sulam took out Nasir to replace him
with a more willing puppet.
It just wasn't Kerem.
- No. Kerem was the fall guy.
- We should have seen it.
I mean. Ali's perfect. isn't he?
Marrying up. ambitious. easy to control.
He's a good asset.
And now we have everything
we need to recruit him.
Oh. come on. we're not really
gonna work with this guy.
Well. what did you think we were doing?
Solving a murder. then reduce
his sentence in exchange
for Abdul's location.
No. Bill. we're gonna play
the long game here.
We'll get Abdul Akkad's location.
then we'll put Ali back in.
We'll use him to make sure
the Levni Company
never funds terrorism ever again.
Ali conspired to murder
his own brother-in-law.
We can't trust him.
Trust. maybe not.
But we can leverage it against
him for the rest of his life.
Oh. Nikki. your call.
What do you want to do?
Arrest Ali or recruit him?
I think there's a third option.
Ali. Selma. I am
your flight concierge. Jane.
May I?
And my brother's body?
It's all taken care of.
Told you. honey.
They've handled everything.
We're gonna be OK.
We'll get you through
without any hassle.
Right this way.
Almost there. yeah?
Wait! Wait! Wait. wait. Selma!
- Kerem?
- You have to wait!
- What are you doing here?
- Wait.
Uh. sir. excuse me. you can't be here.
Just... just give me a second.
Just wait.
OK. see her? She trained me. OK?
- She's CIA.
- OK. all right.
- Whatever you're on...
- Hold on a second.
Just shut up for a second. OK? Please!
The CIA is trying to control Levni Co.
All right. they want to
turn me against the family.
but I won't do it. I won't betray blood.
I don't care about
the Syrian terrorists.
- I don't care...
- Hey! Kerem. shut up.
- Hey!
- Listen to me.
We cannot get on this plane. please.
- Stop it!
- We have to go right now.
Hey! No. it's not! It's a trap!
- Stop!
- Please
- Kerem. you're scaring me.
- We have to leave right now.
- You're scaring me.
- Get your hands off her! Let go of her!
Let go of her and get out of here!
- Hey. hey!
- What are you doing?
OK. OK. Calm.
Kerem's right. We are CIA.
- What?
- What the hell is this?
We're not here to arrest you. Ali.
We want to make a deal.
so tell us what you know.
Wait. wait. I don't understand.
What... what does he know?
- Ali. what do you know?
- I have no idea.
Don't make this harder
than it needs to be.
The CIA are full of liars.
They're trained to do this. OK?
Someone deserves to know. Just admit it.
Admit what?
We know you bought oil from Al Sulam.
You ran it through the refinery.
You're funding terrorism. Ali.
- They're lying.
- We're not lying.
- What's going on?
- Tell us the truth. Ali.
- Come on.
- Everyone on the plane now!
- Guys! Guys!
- Come on. come on. come on!
Come on. Get on. guys.
- Get on the plane.
- Let's go! Let's go! let's go!
- Go!
- Hurry!
OK. stay down.
Kerem. were you followed?
- By who?
- By Al Sulam.
I don't know.
This is why we told you
to stay at the hotel.
You've led 'em right to us.
Man down!
I think I'm gonna be sick.
Ali. Al Sulam is here
because of your mess.
My guys are dying out there.
Now. you got two options...
I throw you off this plane.
or you work with us.
and we get this thing airborne.
You have a chance to save
the woman you love.
Take it.
Listen. when Nasir got cold feet.
they came to me. Al Sulam.
What are you talking about?
They just wanted
two more years of trade.
In return. they'd help make me
CEO with you by my side.
Baby. please. say something.
Because of you. my brother is dead.
Please. just get us out of here.
I'll do it. I'll work with you.
Just... we have to leave now!
- You'll work with us?
- Yes!
Yeah? Not necessary.
Bill. call it.
Hold your fire.
At ease. boys!
All right. you heard him!
Hold your fire.
- Whoo!
- Kerem. you can come out now.
No. it's not Al Sulam out there.
That's our boys firing
blanks at each other.
- No.
- You're under arrest.
There you go.
We know that was a lot
to put you through.
but we had to make it look real.
You needed to hear the truth from Ali.
How does it work. being your asset?
Well. uh. if something comes
across your desk
or somebody makes contact
you don't know.
or even if you just have
a feeling in your gut.
you give us a call.
and we'll work it out together.
Why not Kerem?
You've already turned his head.
Kerem got us this far.
All he cared about was your safety.
But with his drinking and drug use.
we're concerned about his health.
But we can get him treatment.
- Yeah. of course.
- Yeah.
You help us. we'll help you.
Uh. I'll think about it.
- Of course.
- Yeah.
Our team will escort you
to the airfield.
make sure you get home safely.
Right.
I'm off home for a hot soak. I think.
- Long day.
- Aren't they all?
Yeah.
Hey. Bill. What's up?
Need you to run an address.
6435 Skillman Avenue. Long Island City.
You know there are.
like. nine other people
you should have asked before me. right?
This is highly sensitive.
if you know what I mean.
Yeah. yeah.
OK. yeah. Got a hit.
OK. it's the former address of a hacker.
- alias Kinski.
- Kinski?
She's still operating?
I thought we took her out.
Well. we swept her up last year
under investigation of orchestrating
the Benson Mutual breach.
Couldn't secure an indictment.
Jubal. if he's working with her.
it's to break into the CIA mainframe.
- Maybe he's headed there next.
- Uh. OK.
Uh. well. look. whatever
you're thinking of doing.
just be careful.
Oh. so you're saying don't get caught?
Yeah. It's good advice. right?
Colin!
Turn around slowly.
Let me see your hands.
Bill. what are you doing?
Why have you pulled a gun on me?
So how's this whole thing work?
You steal information from the CIA.
then drop it off here at Pyramid?
What. you think I've gone dark. do you?
I followed you from Kinski's.
Well. that's very impressive.
I didn't feel you at all.
So come on then.
What do you think you know?
Well. I know about Sarah.
Right.
So. Sarah. Kinski. Pyramid.
you've been joining the dots.
- Is it you?
- Is what me?
Don't mess with me.
Are you the mole?
Is that what you think?
You think I'm a mole?
It certainly looks that way.
No. Bill.
No. I'm not.
But I've got a funny feeling
we might be looking for the same person.
So why don't you just put
the gun back in your holster
and let's have a civilized
conversation. shall we?
'Cause I think we've got
a lot of work to do. mate.